# Slycat-data
A directory of sample data that can be used by [slycat web-based ensemble analysis](https://github.com/sandialabs/slycat)

# Overview

The following datasets are included with Slycat for the tutorials and
for regression testing.

## cars.csv

This was the 1983 ASA Data Exposition dataset. The dataset was collected by
Ernesto Ramos and David Donoho and contains a label plus 8 variables for 406
different cars.  The data contains NaNs in several records.

The original cars.data archive was retrieved from StatLib, the Datasets Archive
located at http://lib.stat.cmu.edu/datasets

The archive was expanded with

    $ sh cars.data

Then, the cars.csv file was extracted from cars.names and cars.data using

    $ python make-cars.py > cars.csv

## waves1.prn, waves2.prn, waves3.prn

These are timeseries data synthesized using the make-prn.py script and
compatible with PRN files generated by electrical simulation codes.

##TAIS 

###Taylor Anvil Impact Scenario (TAIS) SIERRA/SM CATALYST DAKOTA.

* SIERRA/SM CATALYST DAKOTA ENSEMBLE ANALYSIS of an Oxygen Free High Conductivity (OFHC) Copper Cylinder of Length 2.54 cm and Diameter 0.762 cm with initial velocity of 190 m/sec impacts a rigid wall. 
* A Johnson-Cook inelastic constitutive law was used with the finite element analysis code, SIERRA/SM (i.e., "presto"), to numerically predict the response and final deformed shape. 
* The Dakota parameter sensitivity study considered four parameters of the Johnson-Cook constitutive law, AJO, BJO, NJO, and BETA (the fraction of plastic work converted to heat).
